README.md, before:

Effective Scala with Project Euler
==============================
Solutions to Project Euler problems with explanations of the Scala implementations.
Unit tests demonstrate and benchmark the problem solving algorithms.

Goal: solve the problems using effective solutions, and where possible build a library of
utilities for certain mathematical problems.

Solved Problems with source
---------------------------
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 13, 14, 16, 19, 20, 29, 39

Objects of Interest
-------------------
* Pascal's Triangle
* BigSquareRoot
* Sieve of Atkin


Who this is for
---------------
* You've read Martin Odersky's _Programming in Scala_ and worked through the examples, hungry for more.
* You may be working on your first real applications in Scala.
* You love functional programming.
* You're concerned that some of Scala's syntactic sugar and conveniences may cause performance
problems when implementing non-trivial algorithms.
* You'd like to improve your math skills and see if abstract concepts can give you practical ideas.

Background
----------
I began working on the Project Euler problems in October 2009, with Scala 2.7 and
I've updated the code to be compliant with the 2.8.1 release.

Related Links:
-------------
[Project Euler]<http://projecteuler.net>

Commit message:

adding solutions with commentary for: 11, 15, 17, 36, 39, 45, 48

README.md, after:

Effective Scala with Project Euler
==================================
Solutions to Project Euler problems with explanations of the Scala implementations.
Unit tests demonstrate and benchmark the problem solving algorithms.

Goal: solve the problems efficiently, using scala effectively.
By Products:
* A library of utilities for solving mathematical problems
* Examples of the practical applications of mathematics

Solved Problems with Commentary:
--------------------------------
1-11, 13-17, 19, 20, 29, 36, 39, 45, 48

Common Library classes:
-----------------------
* Pascal's Triangle
* BigSquareRoot
* Sieve of Atkin
* Permutation Generator

Who this is for:
----------------
* Intermediate Scala users; you've read Martin Odersky's _Programming in Scala_, worked through
  the examples and are hungry for more.
* You're interested in functional programming, or looking to expand from more procedural or
  object-oriented programming paradigms.
* You may be working on your first real applications in Scala.
* You're concerned that some of Scala's syntactic sugar and conveniences may cause performance
  problems when implementing non-trivial algorithms.
* You'd like to improve your math skills and see if abstract concepts can give you practical ideas.

History:
-----------
I began working on the Project Euler problems in October 2009, with Scala 2.7 and I've updated the
code to be compliant with the 2.8.1 release.

Related Links:
--------------
[Project Euler]<http://projecteuler.net>
